Update sales handbook for account allocation and coverage under csm+tam overlay model (#19342)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/how-we-work.md

### Technical Account Managers

> Each TAM manages a book sized by ARR under management: $1.5M to $2.5M, which usually works out to 12-18 accounts. See [TAM book balance](/handbook/growth/sales/account-allocation#tam-book-balance) for the full composition targets. Additionally, you will manage inbound leads as they are assigned to you in your territory. Staying extremely focused is important.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each TAM is assigned 15 existing customer accounts representing $1.5M to $2M. See [TAM book balance](/handbook/growth/sales/account-allocation#tam-book-balance) for the full composition targets. Additionally, you will manage inbound leads as they are assigned to you in your territory. Overall, the hard cap on existing book + new leads is 25 accounts, so staying extremely focused is important.
```

Reviewer: Per these edits (and those below), I don't think now is the time to redefine book size. I know we need to do it, but not now.

3. If you are assigned an account with no previous owner, you have up to 3 months to figure out whether they should be in your book or not. Don't ask for the `AM Managed` segment to be added until you're happy that there is growth potential there.
4. If you are assigned an account with a previous owner, work with them on the handover process.  If the customer isn't in a healthy state usage and engagement-wise, feel free to push back and ask for the previous owner's help in getting them to a good state before taking ownership.  If you really can't resolve this, then talk first to your team lead. If you can't resolve it, Simon will be the tie breaker.  It may be that we need you to work on the account regardless but will treat it as a lead with the same rules as point 3 above.
5. Accounts which you've previously been paid quota on need to stay in your `AM Managed` book until they are handed over as per 3 above, or until they churn/fall below $20K ARR.  In this case, we will keep them in the `AM Managed` segment for quota calculation purposes and then remove them after the quarterly calculations are complete.

> 6. Your `AM Managed` book should hold $1.5M-$2.5M in ARR, usually 12-18 accounts (see [TAM book balance](/handbook/growth/sales/account-allocation#tam-book-balance)). There is some wiggle room here, but well past those bounds you won't be able to give accounts the focus we expect from a TAM, so be prepared to rebalance with your team lead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Nominally, you should have around 15 accounts/around $1.5m to $2m ARR in your `AM Managed` book.  There is some wiggle room here, but if you find yourself with 25+ accounts, it's unlikely that you'll be able to give them the level of focus we expect from a TAM, so be prepared to rebalance with your team lead. (see [TAM book balance](/handbook/growth/sales/account-allocation#tam-book-balance)). 
```
